Unlike my colleagues, I am physically unable to rank you people in an unbiased fashion. Because of this fact, I will not be ranking teams in the traditional "which team is best poised to win it all" response. I instead will be doing power rankings based on how much your team is bothering me at this specific moment in time. I'm also going to go from most annoying to least annoying.

That being said, let's get this going.

POWER RANKINGS FUN TIME!

14 - Haters Gonna Hate aka Orange Iguanas (Jonathan) - A lot to unpack here because everything about your team upsets me. How on earth do you have three top-scoring running backs AND NO INJURIES? I mean REALLLY?! You've tried to collude with and take advantage of every naïve new player in this league. We're watching you Mr. Commissioner! Honestly, I feel I am owed some reparations.
13 - 2 Spoon Swaggu (Jeff) - The first thing that has always bothered me about your team is the name. The second thing that bothers me is that you took my kicker. The third thing that bothers me is that you beat me week 6. The final thing that bothers me is that you called me Ruxin. I like to tinker, JUST LET ME BE.
12 - Teamy McTeamface (Joe) - Listen, we discussed this at one point, but it continues to irk me, the Boaty McBoatface meme hasn't been funny for years. Maybe a team name makeover will help you win during easy matchups. Also, you've really been talked up as the guy who turned it all around last year and I just kind of wanted to see that, needless to say I am disappointed. 
11 - Dream Drowners (Barry) - You are a TE hoarder and quite frankly it's rude. It is hard to determine how much your team is bothering me at this point which is why you're middle pack here. On the one hand, you took the infuriating Amari Cooper off my hands, but you did it right before he got traded and if he goes off on your team I'm likely to be livid. 
10 - Revenge Tour (Andrew) - I thought it was a very bold choice to name your team Revenge Tour at the beginning of the season, but at this point, it's like, we get it, you're scoring a lot of points. 
9 - Technical Difficulty (Cheryl) - Cheryl, if you're going to go undefeated you gotta go ALL THE WAY. Now people are going to resort to clichés to describe your "downfall", and cliches are ANNOYING!
8 - Gronkey Kong (Adam) - My major issue with your team is again, the name, since Gronk has  been burdening me all season with his last minute "back spasms" and not you. Also, you're my week 9 opponent, so like, you're going down. 
7 - IDONTBELONGHERE (Grant) - You've become indifferent in the last few weeks, it makes me sad. That being said, if you pick Fitzmagic up from the waivers this week and change your team name to "Do you believe in Fitzmagic" you will become my favorite team on this list.
6 - Harooga Hand Ball (Russell) - So many firsts this week for Russell! This was the first week he didn't play any Falcons players (they were all on bye), his first trade, maybe the first time his defense got him positive points. We're all so proud.
5 - Alan Dutch Schaefer (Jack) - Jack supported me during the smear campaign/witch hunt that was launched against me earlier this year. The only thing Jack has done to bother me this season is take my Georgia Tech kicker during the draft. Would it be crazy if I were still angry about that? Definitely. Am I still a little bit peeved? Yes, yes I am.
4 - Eagle Eye (Anthony) - Oh man Anthony, I am so sorry for the curse I put on your team and I really hope you recover. And by you I really mean I hope Sony Michel recovers. The main reason you're not higher on this ranking are that you are an Eagles fan, and the Eagles have personally attacked me.
3 - Neuništiv (Francesca, and not Lynn because she's clearly not involved) - For someone who literally was unaware they were in this league until hours before the draft, you're doing quite well. You're taking great care of Tevin Coleman. And don't listen to Barry, it's much funnier when you beat other teams with empty spots in your lineup.
2 - TeachMeHow2EuroTrip (Hannah & Mike) - If you guys had beat me you would have been a lot lower on this list. At this point though, the two of you negotiating add/drops and setting your lineup on Friday afternoons is a comedy show that will tune into every week. Congrats on being practically functional co-managers. Also, I can't wait for the shared custody of the toilet bowl between your two desks. 
1 - Spooky Gold Stars aka Rookie of the Year (Jen) - I'd be lying if I said I have not been annoyed with myself this season, starting from the draft. If there's one thing I have learned in my rookie fantasy football season, it's that everyone wants you to feel bad about yourself so they can take advantage of you for trades. BELIEVE IN YOURSELF and always rank yourself #1.

This was difficult and time consuming and I don't want to do it again next week, which is great for everyone since you probably don't want to hear from me next week. Happy Halloween Eve to All!```
JEN'S POWER RANKINGS OF ANNOYANCE - enjoy them or ignore them, I  really don't care :goldstar:
