## Tier 1 -- Championship Contenders

1.  **Revenge Tour (6-2-0 | 1007.73)** -- T'challa claims the title of power ranking King with the dismantling of the undefeated Technical Difficulty.  Only challenged by Jonathan in terms of points scored and in striking distance of first in the standings, Andrew is consistently putting up impressive points regardless of who is on BYE.  Combine that with a very soft schedule to finish the season, and it wouldn't surprise anyone if Andrew earns a playoff BYE.
2.  **Dream Drowners (7-1-0 | 921.73)** -- Proof that who you play is definitely more important than how you play, Barry again escapes with a win despite underperforming with a depleted squad thanks to the Bill's predictably innept offense.  With the Cowboys coming off BYE, however, Dream Drowners is ready to double down on the duo of Zeke and Amari right in time for the mathup of the season.  Going up against Technical Difficulty behind by only 18 points, they have a chance to take control of first place in the standings with a win.  With a deep roster and the possibility of Dalvin Cook coming soon to reinforce, Barry's Boys are ready to begin their run now.
3.  **Technical Difficulty (7-1-0 | 939.89)** -- Ding Dong, the witch is dead! If you listened carefully on Sunday, you could hear the spiteful denizens of Fantasy Football Land cry out in joy as Cheryl's reign of terror came to an end.  Entering the most brutal stretch for any team in the league, Technical Difficulty fell to the first of three consecutive top-4 opponents, as new top power Revenge Tour finally unseated the Queen.  While maintaining the slimest of margins for 1st place in the standings, Cheryl will need to return to her escape artist ways over the next two weeks or risk falling to the bottom of the playoff bracket.
4.  **Haters Gonna Hate (5-3-0 | 1039.56)** -- On the wrong side of Jack's vengence for the third time, Jonathan gets knocked two games out of first despite putting up 130+ points for the 5th straight week.  An undeniable victim of bad luck, Jonathan continues to persevere as probably the strongest team in the league, as he goes up against a struggling Teamy McTeamface.  Despite his chances of earning a playoff BYE dwindling, Jonathan is still the favorite of some to take home the championship.  If he can win this week against Joe and next week against Cheryl, he could still climb to the top of the rankings yet.

    ## Tier 2 -- Playoff Pushers

5.  **Eagle Eye (4-4-0 | 964.71)** -- A seemingly dominant teem has come back down to earth with back-to-back losses to overperforming foes.  Anthony, once considered one of the best teams in the league, is one game away from losing his playoff spot to one of the six 3-5 squads sitting in wait.  History says this team will score points, but with a brutal final two games to finish out the season, Anthony is in more trouble than anyone would have imagined two weeks ago.  This week is a must-win situtation, as he goes up against team HR.
6.  **Spooky Gold Stars (5-3-0 | 833.21)** -- Desipte all the doubters, Jen's manic management style has led to a two game winning streak and has put her two games ahead of the crowd for the final playoff spot.  It's probably time for everyone to accept that this u-and-comer is a legitimate playoff and possible championship threat.  Unfortunately, with the trade deadline soon approaching, Jen may be forced to calm her spastic ways a bit -- much to the league's dissapointment.
7.  **Alan Dutch Schaefer (3-5-0 | 853.88)** -- One of the beneficiaries of maybe the most mutually beneficial trades in league history, Jack's team has new life now that he's gotten rid of old Bortles.  Thanks to a combined 58 points from new acquisitions AP and Jared Goff, Jack outscored his nemesis Jonathan and has positioned himself as head of a very crowded 3-5 pack.  One game out of a playoff spot with a somewhat favorable scheule remaining, ADS looks to prove the naysayers wrong as he continues his Zeke-less rush for the postseason against Grant's fellow 3-5 squad.
8.  **2SpoonSwaggu (3-5-0 | 852.91)** -- 2SpoonSwaggu enters week 9 with some swagger as the winner of 3 of his last 4 and scorer of 125+ for two straight weeks.  Thanks to a beatdown of borderline playoff team Anthony, he's now officially in contention for a very competitive final postseason spot, Jeff needs to take care of business again the next two weeks as he faces three incredibly dangerous teams to end the year.
9.  **Gronkey Kong (3-5-0 | 811.88)** -- Gronkey Kong limps into the home stretch after two straight poor showings.  Slowly slipping from the middle of the pack, the toilet bowl titan is now only one game away from a repeat, but faces a fortunate schedule going forward.  With only one premier RB and a benched QB, however, he may need to make some moves to handle even the lower tier teams of the league.
10.  **neuništiv (3-5-0 | 797.56)** -- Team HR finds a way to win another game -- this time while starting a player on BYE.  Having Pat Mahomes and a breakout performance by Sammy Watkins helps, but not adjusting their roster will undoubtedly cost them more this week as they currently have two empty spots.  Will a surprising turn around be halted by manager negligence?  Or will team HR live up to their Croatian name sake and escape again with a win?  Will they get booted from the league if they keep this shit up?  I dunno, I'm just askig questions here.
11.  **IDONTBELONGHERE (3-5-0 | 788.22)** -- Grant may have finally given up, and it would be hard to blame him.  In a crowded field in a must-win game, he loses to a team with a player on BYE.  Luckily, he's in prime position to snatch up Fitzmagic, but lightning will need to strike for Grant to be the one who crawls out of the 3-5 pile.  A somewhat favorable schedule is ahead of him, but that means nothing without the will to win.  #hugsForGrant

    ## Tier 3 -- Toilet Teeterers

12.  **Teamy McTeamface (3-5-0 | 771.05)** -- The hour grows late for Joe as the toilet grows closer.  Going up against Barry's backups, Joe lost a heartbreaker thanks to the Bills inability to not hold onto the football.  With three players on BYE and a tough opponent, Joe is probably the underdog of the week in a game where a loss might mean last place.  The run has not come, and now the runs might be what he's won.
13.  **TeachMeHow2EuroTrip (2-6-0 | 738.21)** -- The victim of Jen's reawakened wrath -- and their own mismanagment -- Mike and Hannah again fall and are now tied for last place.  With no chance at the playoffs, their only goal now is to avoid the inevitable legal battle over split custody of the poo-poo prize.  At least they learned something this year, though.  I hope.
14.  **Harooga Hand Ball (2-6-0 | 739.87)** -- Russell somehow managed to win a game against a seemingly middle tier thanks to a very gracious trade for a much-needed TE.  That probably won't be enough to save him this week though, as said TE goes on BYE.  In race to the bottom, Russell is still the front-runner, but Hannah and Joe are making a strong push... because poop.
